Implement hover tooltips in documentation (#2109)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/userdoc/glossary.rst

 vp
   virtual process

 time
   milliseconds (ms)

 tau_m
   membrane time constant in ms

 t_ref
   duration of refractory period in ms

 t_spike
   point in time of last spike in

 capacitance
   picofarads (pF)

 C_m

>    Capacitance of the membrane in pF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   capacitance of the membrane in pF
```

Reviewer: Also make all other items consistently lower or upper case. @jessica-mitchell?

 refractory time
   A time period in which neurons cannot fire. This is due to depolarization.

 Point process
   A temporal point process is a mathematical model for a time series of discrete events. 

 non-renewal process
   Point process with adapting threshold eta(t).

 rheobase
   The minimal current that is required to generate a spike.

 reversal potential
   The membrane potential at which a neuron causes no net current flow.

 time constant
   The time it takes for a signal to rise or decay. (ms)

   See membrane time constant (tau_m) and synaptic time constant (tau_syn) in in model documentations.

 Gaussian white noise
   A random process with zero mean.

 sfa
   spike-frequency adaptation

 point neuron
   A simple neuron model representing its soma with the membrane potential dynamics modeled as a resistance–capacitance circuit.

 propagator
   Matrix used in numerically integrating dynamical system. See exact integration page.

 synaptic response kernel
   Shape of post-synaptic response. Commonly an alpha, delta-pulse, or exponential function.

 eligibility trace

>    A property of a synapse which allows it to be modified for a period of time when some constraints are satisfied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A property of a synapse, which allows it to be modified for a period of time when some constraints are satisfied
```

 reversal potential

>    The membrane potential at which a neuron causes no net current flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The membrane potential in which a neuron causes no net current flow
```

 alpha function

>    Instance of synaptic response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Instance of a synaptic response
```

 facilitation

>    Mechanism of making a synapse stronger by increasing the weight. Opposite to depression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Mechanism of making a synapse stronger by increasing the weight
   
   Opposite to depression
```

 
 depression

>    Mechanism of making a synapse weaker by decreasing the weight. Opposite to facilitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Mechanism of making a synapse weaker by decreasing the weight 
   
   Opposite to facilitation.
```

 stdp_synapse

>    Synapse with spike-timing dependent plasticity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Synapse with spike-timing dependent plasticity
```

 static_synapse

>    Synapse with a fixed weight.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Synapse with a fixed weight
```

 
 refractoriness

>    The time before a new action potential can take place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The time before a new action potential can take place
```

 renewal process

>    refer to spike-time statistical analysis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   spike-time statistical analysis
```

 
 spike train
   A sequence of action potentials

 spike-frequency adaptation
   After stimulation, neurons show a reduction in the firing frequency of their spike response following an initial increase. 

 GIF
   Generalized integrate-and-fire model

 coefficient of variation
   Standard deviation divided by the mean

 distal dendrite

>    The part of the dentrite which is further away from the soma.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The part of the dentrite that is furthest away from the soma
```

 proximal dendrite

>    The part of the dentrite which is closer to the soma.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The part of the dentrite which is closest to the soma
```

 soma
   Cell body of the neuron

 psp
   Post-synaptic potential

 PSC
   Post-synatpic current

 absolute refractory

>    An interval after the neurons fires a spike in which it is prevent to fire a spike again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   An interval after a neuron fires a spike to prevent it from firing  a spike again
```

 indegree

>    Amount of connections to post-synaptic cells.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Amount of connections to post-synaptic cells
```

 outdegree

>    Amount of connections from pre-synaptic cells.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Amount of connections from pre-synaptic cells
```

 
 synaptic efficacy

>    The extent to which a pre-synaptic neuron affects a post-synaptic neuron.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The extent to which a pre-synaptic neuron affects a post-synaptic neuron
```

 multimeter

>    A device that allows to record analog quantities (e.g. membrane voltage) of a neuron over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   A device to record analog quantities (e.g., membrane voltage) of a neuron over time
```

 events

>    Spikes are encoded as events in nest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Spikes are encoded as events in NEST
```
